[Music]
Hello my dearest lovers of the
heart I hope you are enjoying
the day and on this occasion I want to
echo this article
written by our dear Jesus Manuel
Ruiz lawyer and journalist that tells us
about the sentence that huge sentence
that we were reading and analyzing here
by Antonio David against Las Fábricas de
la Tele for the dismissal considered null you will
remember that both
Antonio and Dávila were involved despite the fact that it was a
sentence in his favor they appealed
that same sentence okay I imagine
that Antonio Dávila appealed to ask for
more money because
the money they gave him seemed too little and I
totally agree or I mean I had it I
was commenting on it live okay
83 thousand euros if I'm not mistaken I think it
was 83 thousand euros it was 50 thousand for
violating the honor of Antonia Bis and
thirty something thousand which was what
Antonia Bis should have paid him for
doing his job if they hadn't
fired him not fifty thousand euros for
violating the honor it is absolutely  nothing
in the case of antonio david because the
television factory
earns 50 thousand euros in the middle
when it is from an individual okay when it
was a collaborator for example okay
maria patiño they have sentenced
kiko hernandez i don't know if also on
some occasion but kiko matamoros I
think that if what is usually sentenced to
a person is worth a television collaborator
five thousand euros
three thousand ten thousand something super super super
serious but if you see and look for the
sentence by right to honor that there are
collaborators of sálvame not having
said real stupidities and
serious fruits and things like that three thousand two thousand
pipi estrada was sentenced for insulting
and insinuating something very ugly about tamara
gorro I think it was and I think it
was two thousand euros okay but
we are talking about a natural person
when they go to the treasury they take
half so
a sentence if it is fine okay
but a company
like the television factory that earns you
50 thousand euros in 30 seconds is over the
host is not worth it then I imagine
that there will be some throwing around there  the appeal before
the VI because I don't see another complaint, I don't see another
complaint, I don't see why the sentence is no longer
valid at the level
of the amount, what the sentence wrote
and what that judge explained was
devastating, I mean, any appeal that
Mediaset made would have a very complicated time
arguing anything against that
sentence because point by point by
point it was devastating, I don't know what they would
hold to, they didn't file the appeal nor has it been
published as far as I know, but I
imagine Cantona would visit there, the
thing is that they have already met, okay,
in the
court it is
called
TSJ M which will be the Supreme Court, I
'm going to see what José Manuel calls it, the
social court and
social court number 42 of Madrid
and they have already set a date,
the parties will be notified on Friday, April 29th, that is,
this Friday
we will know and we will be very attentive
because we will know the final sentence
of what they have decided in
court regarding the unfair dismissal of
Antonella maybe okay
what it is but without being a jurist or a lawyer, what
I believe is that  It's going to
stay more or less the same, okay, I think it
was a sentence that was
impeccably written and the arguments
were impeccably devastating
in fact I don't know if they
will allow him to
raise the amount a little perhaps that is not what I am
telling you, I mean when it comes to
collaborators of collaborators or a
journalist who insults another look the
other day for example he lost a lawsuit
for the right to honor also a
journalist who accused another they
already made a lot of fuss about it even
sentencing a journalist who accused
another of having attacked him of having
physically attacked him of having
mistreated him I don't think I would call it achieving
mistreatment five thousand euros to 78 years the one who
is fighting five thousand euros okay
when we are talking about the fact that it is a
production company with a reach of 4 or 5
million viewers that they had in
the documentary for each episode and more the
media impact that the echo that has been
made in society that has been a
revelation in Spain okay because it has gone
viral even for people who did not
consume that type of content man I
see that a little more than  50,000 euros is the
same, but well, that's for
the judges to decide, family. I send you a
huge hug. On Friday, we'll be very
attentive and we'll discuss it. Okay, a
hug.
[Music]